But he was kicked out of the family before, is he still coming back now?
Although he helps Beijiang God King,
But he is a middle-aged man after all. He has no real identity these days.
You are just messing around, that is, you are of low status.
Shrimp man, our family is willing to give him the status of eldest young master.
That's like him, Mr. Mo,
He should hurry up and replace him, right?
Yes, you can actually get it from my word god barrier,
I don’t want you to die, Xiaobai,
Immediately conduct a full search,
Wu must capture King Poseidon
Yes, Master, Lord
Now King Poseidon will accompany you to fight
The door can no longer be built
Then I found out his test armor
How to host
proactive
exiled abroad
intimidated
give them one more time
Beat your own chances
Increase the number of rich and handsome people who do not follow the city
Exile abroad is
Report something
The steward of the Zhan family came to give news and give advice
I would like to see you, the Japanese war master, Da Zhou.
I have been busy completing it before
grandpa's hospital
Dealing with King Poseidon
They've all raised the price of war.
Today, Linjia has regained its popularity
Bocedong fled
Then we go and there will be a competitive price.